Update system-requirements.md (#403)
Mirantis/mke-docs: content/docs/getting-started/system-requirements.md

## Hardware requirements

MKE 4k uses [k0s](https://k0sproject.io/) as the underlying Kubernetes distribution. 
To ensure successful installations and upgrades with stable performance, the following 
hardware specifications are required for MKE 4k nodes. These requirements are based on 

> internal testing and differ from the generic k0s documentation due to MKE 4k's specific 

Reviewer: @ry4nz - instead of justifying these requirements around stability, an alternative would be to justify them on basis of increased resources requirements for enterprise grade components that are used by MKE4. For example enterprise grade CNI-s are not supported by k0s but they are supported by mke4. And those CNI-s have greater resourcing requirements.

Reviewer: looks good - resolving

> MKE 4k uses [k0s](https://k0sproject.io/) as the underlying Kubernetes distribution. 
> To ensure successful installations and upgrades with stable performance, the following 
> hardware specifications are required for MKE 4k nodes. These requirements are based on 
> internal testing and differ from the generic k0s documentation due to MKE 4k's specific 
> resource demands.
> 
> ### Recommended Hardware Requirements
> 
> For optimal performance and reliable upgrades, the following configuration is recommended:
> - vCPUs: 8 vCPUs per node
> - RAM: 32 GB per node
> 
> ### Validated Test Configurations
> 
> The following configurations have been tested internally for MKE 4k upgrades:
> 
> | Configuration | vCPUs | RAM | Result |
> | ----------- | --| ------|----| 
> |             | 2 | 8 GB  | Repeated upgrade failures |
> | Recommended | 8 | 32 GB | Successful upgrades, stable |
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Although MKE 4k uses [k0s](https://k0sproject.io/) as the underlying Kubernetes distribution, the hardware requirements for MKE 4k differ from k0s due to the higher resource requirements of various enterprise-grade components the software uses.

To ensure stability, optimal performance, and reliable upgrade function, Mirantis recommends the following hardware configuration:

- vCPUs: 8 vCPUs per node
- RAM: 32 GB per node

```

Reviewer 2: Suggestion updated to include mention of "internal testing".

Reviewer: @KoryKessel-Mirantis - the above looks good to me with `reliable upgrade function` --> `reliable upgrade(s)`

Reviewer 2: Made the suggested edit, @vikramhh, opting to use just the plural form.

Author: I want to keep the internal test regarding
|             | 2 | 8 GB  | Repeated upgrade failures |
